After completing the assignment, please answer the questions in this text file and submit it to I-Learn.

1. Copy and paste the URL for your web application:
https://limitless-reef-52998.herokuapp.com/Prove05/Prove05.php


2. Copy and paste the URL for your source code repository (e.g., GitHub):
https://github.com/rui16002/cs313-php/tree/master/web/Prove05

3. Briefly list and describe the elements of the application that are functioning. Include any special instructions about how to login and/or use your application.

Mine is a simple page to look for clients, products, and orders for a restaurant, by using the forms you will be able to see the details of
the products, clients, and orders found.
All the items are mandatories in the form, without them the page does not return results.
you can try to look for any value set in the db, you can find the db script in cs313-php\db\myDb.sql 

4. Briefly describe any pieces of the assignment that are not yet working correctly.
I am still trying to see how to make the user return to the same active section after submiting the form, it always returns to the first one.

5. Briefly describe the "coolest" thing you learned while completing this assignment.
Unlike reviious weeks, I was able to work a lot more effectively, One of the group members showed us how to use heroku console and that helped me a lot to triage errors in my code.

6. Why should you create a separate user account for your application to access the database?
It is a "Best practice" for security reasons.

7. Please select the category you feel best describes your assignment:
A - Some attempt was made
B - Developing, but significantly deficient
C - Slightly deficient, but still mostly adequate
X D - Meets requirements
E - Shows creativity and excels above and beyond requirements

8. Provide a brief justification (1-2 sentences) for selecting that category.
As described in the assignment, we needed to create a page to access the database and interacted with forms, displaying results based
on form inputs.

