After completing the assignment, please answer the questions in this text file and submit it to I-Learn.

1. Copy and paste the URL for your web application:
https://limitless-reef-52998.herokuapp.com/Prove05/Prove05.php

2. Copy and paste the URL for your source code repository (e.g., GitHub):
https://github.com/rui16002/cs313-php/tree/master/web/Prove05

3. Briefly list and describe the elements of the application that are functioning. Include any special instructions about how to login and/or use your application.
User is able to edit, client information as well as adding newones, user is also able to edit and add new products using the blue plus button
In order to be able to edit, the item to be edited needs to be found first. once found the item has a blue edit button on the right.

4. Briefly describe any pieces of the assignment that are not yet working correctly.
validating user inputs are yet in progress, some native validation was added but still it needs validation.
order editing and adding is still pending

5. Briefly describe the "coolest" thing you learned while completing this assignment.
This time I relied a lot more on logs that helped me triage defect quicker.

6. What is a benefit of having a foreign key constraint?
referential integrity and performance are the main benefits of foreign key contraints. W3School says it prevents invalid data to be entered


7. Please select the category you feel best describes your assignment:
A - Some attempt was made
B - Developing, but significantly deficient
C - Slightly deficient, but still mostly adequate
X D - Meets requirements
E - Shows creativity and excels above and beyond requirements


8. Provide a brief justification (1-2 sentences) for selecting that category.
We were asked to add our app the ability ti edit and add using database sql statements along with php, we had the option to add the
hability to delete records, in my case, it was more interesting to enable or disable records depending on its availability.

